[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, George Noory.
And I'm here with Emery Smith.
And what if there was
something like an Area 51
deep underwater?
We're discussing underwater
bases and technologies
with Emery Smith.
This is an amazing topic, Emery.
>>EMERY SMITH: Yeah, it's
going to be a good one, George.
Thanks for having me.
>>GEORGE: Oh, my pleasure.
Now, tell me about some of
these ancient underground bases.
What do we know about this?
>>SMITH: Well,
there's ancient bases
that have been here
long before we got here.
And what I tried to explain to
people to grasp this concept
is--
living in Albuquerque, I did
a lot of mountain climbing.
And I used to collect a lot of
artifacts from the Sandia Peak
at 10,800 feet above sea level.
And on these rocks are
basically trilobites
and underwater seaweed.
And so what I'm saying is
that was once underwater,
and now it's 10,800
feet above sea level.
But let's reverse that.
And let's go to
the deepest place
now, the Marianas Trench
there and try to picture this.
Now, maybe at one
time, that way before--
I'm talking billions
of years ago.
Well, maybe that was dry.
And there were
civilizations living here
in these deep places.
And they were living
in these areas
with amazing amounts of
energy for some reason,
like the Bimini Road and right
off the west coast of Cuba.
There's an
underground Atlantis--
they're saying with
pyramids larger than Giza.
And then you have--
off the coast of Japan,
they're finding other
artifacts and ruins.
So at one time, obviously,
when the water levels
were not so high, there
were civilizations
all around the planet.
And I want people to
understand that maybe
that's why all these--
they built them on ley
lines and energetic areas,
too, for some reason.
So there was some
sort of correlation--
why these things were happening
and why a lot of the portals
they're finding underwater
exist in these areas as well.
So the governments,
and the military,
and science foundations,
and other corporations
have clandestinely
got together and are
starting to build
these underground water
facilities, underground
bases near these zones,
so they can research them
with proper technology,
much more advanced technology
than we have right now
and collect data, collect
artifacts, and reverse engineer
things.
And what that means
is that you have
underwater bases near
ancient sacred sites all
over the planet right now.
And they're building
more, and more, and more.
And there's-- couple of
different ways that they built
these things.
One of the ways is they have--
you know how we built the
space stations all on these--
>>GEORGE: Modular.
>>SMITH: Modular.
Right.
And the same thing
is going on here.
They're sending these very
highly pressurized cabins
down there.
And they're fixing them
together with robots and things
and creating this
giant facility.
They're also tunneling
to make a real--
one of the real
bases that are not
compartmentalized and modular.
They actually drill
from stateside
to underneath the ground
into a part of the ocean,
and they come up from within.
And they have special
devices that create
these electromagnetic fields.
Very, very powerful,
of course, when
you're 10,000 feet
below the surface,
that they come up
from the ground.
And it forms this special
bubble, like a sphere.
And it clears out everything.
All the water gets pushed back.
And once they
create this bubble,
they have some way of putting
up this transparent metal.
It's about 6 feet thick,
and it's transparent.
You see right out of it.
And once that's in place-- that
structure-- then they start
just building from within.
And these things are--
could be anywhere from 5
to 20 acres in diameter.
>>GEORGE: Now, in the ancient
times, what came first?
The base or the water?
>>SMITH: The base
was there first.
>>GEORGE: And then it got--
>>SMITH: And then it
got covered with water.
And in the Marianas Trench,
there's a large portal there
that they've been following for
quite some time in evaluating
and taking--
test on this, where
these craft are coming
in and out of this portal.
They're not engaging them.
They're not trying
to do anything.
They're just kind of watching.
What is going on here?
And it's near this other ancient
structure that's down there.
So they put a base there
that's very close by
to monitor this portal
and also build out
a base down there, where they
can spend a lot more time
analyzing the portal, analyzing
this archaeological find.
>>GEORGE: Are these
bases there primarily,
Emery, to monitor ET
movement or something else?
>>SMITH: Well,
the primary reason
was to monitor the portals
where the extraterrestrials were
coming in and out of.
Then they found artifacts
near these areas of the planet
where the portals are.
And they're knowing this
is like the chain of what's
been going on.
Find a portal?
Oh, it's near another
new archaeological site.
Let's build a base
nearby and monitor this.
>>GEORGE: Aha.
Why underwater?
>>SMITH: Well,
number one, they have
to have 24-hour
surveillance on this area.
They're taking
readings constantly,
fluctuations in the
electromagnetic fields.
They're trying to
replicate this.
They want to learn.
Where are these things going?
And why is it-- here
it is in the water.
Does it also come
out in the water
somewhere else if
you go back in?
I think they're probably getting
teams together to try this out.
They have already sent
drones in and other things,
but it doesn't work.
It just-- these things
only open up now and then.
Timing has to be right.
And that's the last
I've heard recently
of some of the things
going on down in that area.
>>GEORGE: How many bases
are there on this planet?
>>SMITH: Oh, there's dozens.
I don't know where
they're all at.
And they're very common.
>>GEORGE: Modern?
>>SMITH: The new
ones are very modern.
Absolutely.
They're no different than the
underground facilities where
people might stay
for up to a year.
So they are making this a very
highly clandestine research
facility to gather information
to videotape and log,
to also have an area where
they can remotely control--
these underwater video
surveillance things
are constantly--
like our F-16s are
flying around the coast
of America every minute.
Every second there's a couple
of them up there protecting us.
They're doing the same thing
down there monitoring this.
So it's an ongoing,
very expensive project.
So with these transparent metal
domes that are on the sea beds
there--
the only way to get to
them is to start stateside,
whether it's a maglev that
takes you near the base
and drops you off, and then
you come up from below,
from stateside.
Now, you're under the
rock under the ocean.
>>GEORGE: Geez.
>>SMITH: Yeah,
you're deep under--
>>GEORGE: Miles down.
>>SMITH: Yes, absolutely.
And then you come back
up still in the tube.
All the supplies
come from there.
>>GEORGE: How many people
are staffing these things?
>>SMITH: I wouldn't know.
>>GEORGE: Emery, have
you been assigned to any
of these underwater bases?
>>SMITH: I have been to
some of these facilities,
but not assigned there.
>>GEORGE: So when you say you've
been there, in what capacity?
>>SMITH: I was only
there to examine
some extraterrestrial bodies.
That's all.
>>GEORGE: Medically?
>>SMITH: Medically.
>>GEORGE: And how did
they get you down there?
Through the tube system?
>>SMITH: Yeah, through
the tube system.
I've already been
on the tube system,
working in New Mexico for short
distances for different areas
underground.
And remember, it's
not under the water.
It's under the water,
under the ground.
But it didn't take
too much longer for me
to go from New Mexico
to the Gulf of Mexico.
And it didn't take much longer
for me to go from New Mexico
to the Atlantic
Ocean, let's say.
It was not much more time.
And I don't--
I couldn't tell you exactly
how fast these things travel,
but they do travel
very, very, very fast.
And there was many people that
were going to these facilities
in and out.
And it seemed like
a very busy place.
>>GEORGE: What would
happen if there
was an underwater earthquake,
and they do occur,
where these structures are?
>>SMITH: First of all, the
ones that they drop down
into the ocean and build on a
cliffside or on a sea floor--
they're all modular.
They're not really
connected to the floor,
so they handle it pretty well.
I mean, they're connected,
but they have things in place.
They can move around like when
you put your boat on the dock
and you leave a loose rope,
so when the tides come in.
So very similar.
As far as the transparent,
metal, bubble ones,
these are also very flexible.
So it has a lot of give to it.
And this was brought up
at one of the meetings.
And I wish I knew more
about this material.
And this is definitely a
reverse engineered material
that they have
developed and designed
through extraterrestrial
devices.
>>GEORGE: So what are
they doing down there
that you can't do above ground?
>>SMITH: Well, it's easier
for them to remote control
their underwater drones
to survey and surveillance
this area's hot spot
down there of all
these extraterrestrial
craft coming
in and out of this portal.
>>GEORGE: So it's
all ET related?
>>SMITH: Definitely.
Primarily the reason they
built this was to monitor that.
>>GEORGE: Do the ETs
know we're there?
And do they work with us?
>>SMITH: No, no.
They don't have
extraterrestrials
in those facilities
that I'm aware of.
And they don't have
any communication
with the extraterrestrials
that are coming in and out.
They're just kind of like
a photographer in Africa--
>>GEORGE: Just monitoring.
>>SMITH: --just kind of hiding
out and watching the lions eat.
>>GEORGE: So the ETs don't
show any hostilities?
>>SMITH: No, not
to my knowledge.
>>GEORGE: Who
concocted this plan?
How did this thing start?
>>SMITH: It all started because
the energy signature down
there--
they spotted somehow using their
technologies with satellites.
And they sent a couple
drones down there.
And they captured
on film these craft
coming in and out of this
area in the Marianas Trench.
I don't know exactly
where it's at.
So they decided
this is something
very important that we
need to study, of course.
So they spent billions
and trillions of dollars
to get these
facilities down there,
so they can monitor what the
extraterrestrials are doing.
And where are they going?
And tracking of the craft
through the oceans as well.
And it's the same thing.
These craft are no
different than the craft
that they're using to
travel intergalactically.
So that being said,
they're creating
their own gravitational
field even in the water.
They can go very, very fast
and do these right-hand turns.
And you hear a lot
of these stories
of the subs and other military.
>>GEORGE: Coming and going?
>>SMITH: Yeah, coming and
going out of the water.
And this has been
visualized and videotaped
by the military for many years.
>>GEORGE: They said Nazi Germany
had underwater bases as well.
Any proof to that?
>>SMITH: I think they did.
I don't know too much
about the history of that.
But I know they were very adept
at learning new technologies.
And I do believe they were
some of the first people
to meet with extraterrestrials
and make exchanges
with technology or
have shot down craft
and reverse engineered it.
So they had a good
stronghold of technology.
That's for sure.
And they were capable of doing
some amazing things with it.
So I wouldn't have
a doubt in my mind
that they didn't have
something like this all over.
>>GEORGE: At any
given time, how long
are the people who are working
down there staying down there?
>>SMITH: I really don't know.
I was only there for a day.
>>GEORGE: That's
long enough, right?
>>SMITH: It wasn't--
I wasn't assigned
there, I'll say.
>>GEORGE: But I mean,
could they be there
for years or just a short time?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
I mean, it's set up that someone
could live there indefinitely.
I mean, they have
their own water system.
>>GEORGE: Are there
families down there?
>>SMITH: No, there's no family.
>>GEORGE: No kids?
>>SMITH: No.
It's kind of like everyone
is addressed a certain way.
And everyone has a duty there.
And it's a very mission,
work-oriented environment.
>>GEORGE: Could these be
used for military purposes?
>>SMITH: They could be.
But I don't know what
they would use it for.
I mean, you have a
research facility
at the bottom of the ocean.
They're utilizing it to gather
intelligence and information
from the energy
signatures of the area.
I don't know what the
military would do with that.
It's not like an undersea
docking base for submarines.
I mean, they already have
enough of that stuff.
>>GEORGE: That's a good point.
Right.
>>SMITH: They've got
that cave system off
the coast there in San Diego.
It goes all the
way through the--
all the way to Nevada.
So I mean, that these giant
subs can pass through.
And they have underground
facilities for them.
That's for sure.
>>GEORGE: What was your mission?
Why were you down there?
>>SMITH: Someone called in sick.
>>GEORGE: What do you mean--
somebody called in sick?
>>SMITH: Someone called in sick,
couldn't make it that day that
was supposed to do this.
>>GEORGE: And so you--
>>SMITH: For some
reason, they could not
transport the being to us.
So they sent me out there to
bring the samples back with me.
>>GEORGE: That was your mission?
>>SMITH: That was it.
>>GEORGE: And what kind
of samples were they?
>>SMITH: They were muscle
and tissue samples.
>>GEORGE: Of?
>>SMITH: Of a type
of Aquafarian being.
>>GEORGE: And what did
these tissues show you?
>>SMITH: I wasn't part of the
genetics for that program.
>>GEORGE: You just
got the samples?
>>SMITH: I was only
there to take it.
Yeah, I was just a tech.
>>GEORGE: When you
say an aqua being,
are you talking about
something like a mermaid?
>>SMITH: He's like a mermaid.
>>GEORGE: Really?
>>SMITH: They found
a civilization
that lives down there that
very rarely comes out.
>>GEORGE: ET?
Or were they Earth-like?
>>SMITH: They're human
looking, but with fins.
I spoke about this
in other episodes.
They have webbed hands.
They have fins that go down
the outside of their arms,
and legs, and their body,
kind of like a cuttlefish.
They're like a bluish-white
color, I would say.
They have more rounder heads.
And they do have gills.
They breathe only underwater.
They do not like light at all.
They have very large eyes.
They can see
definitely underwater.
>>GEORGE: A species that we
probably don't know about.
>>SMITH: Yeah, it's a species--
>>GEORGE: Up on top.
>>SMITH: --they're trying
to learn about now.
A lot of these species, I
think, are being discovered.
I'm sure more and
more will come out
in the future of these
species that are living down
there, living in the inner Earth
caverns of the Marianas Trench
and being able to
withstand these pressures--
these beings.
Even though they kind
of look very human
and they look delicate, they
somehow have kind of like a--
bird bones are kind of hollow.
And one of the things I noticed
about these species was they
have a spongy bone.
It's kind of like very--
like cartilage.
It has an ability, I think,
to expand and to shrink.
>>GEORGE: It sounds
like they're more
earthbound than
extraterrestrial.
Is that a pretty
good assumption?
>>SMITH: I think they were
seeded here like we were.
But I also believe
that they've been here
a lot longer than we have.
>>GEORGE: Do they seem friendly?
>>SMITH: I don't have any--
>>GEORGE: Firsthand
experience on this.
>>SMITH: --live experience
with them or live video.
I hear a lot of
stories in the projects
that they have made themselves
noticed to these facilities,
but have not done anything
to hurt them or threaten.
But I do believe the
facilities have a lot of videos
and pictures of these beings.
Because I've seen a lot of
this taken by underwater drone
footage of these beings.
>>GEORGE: How would these
underwater facilities
compare to laboratories up top?
>>SMITH: Oh, very similar.
The only thing
different is a lot
of the underground facilities
here are kind of archaic,
because they started
with a small base.
And then the deeper
you go, the more modern
it gets, because
they keep expanding.
So it's kind of the opposite
with these new bases
that they're developing
quickly around the oceans.
It's like you said.
It's a lot more
ultra-modern technology,
and it's just a
very different look.
>>GEORGE: What other
technologies did you witness
down there?
>>SMITH: Well, one
of the neat things
I realized is they had something
that we had on topside,
which was underground
by the way.
Our underground facilities
had these giant aquarium
operating rooms.
A lot of the
extraterrestrials we work on--
we have to keep them
in a special salt water
while you take
samples from them,
or the tissue will,
for some reason,
just degrade and dissolve
if you bring it up
to the oxygen-enriched air.
They had-- couple
of these operating
rooms that were, of
course, aquariums,
which was amazing to me.
Because I was thinking,
oh, maybe that's
where they got the idea from.
And that's why we have--
>>GEORGE: Sure.
>>SMITH: --the same
one in the facilities.
>>GEORGE: Did you have
to work underwater
with breathing apparatus
and things like that?
>>SMITH: Well, some of the
species I had to work on--
I had to be in these operating
room aquariums, environments,
because of the bodies--
had to be in a certain salinity
and pH, or they would dissolve.
So we had our own suits.
Not like a scuba
diver, because I
had to have my own atmosphere
and my own completely contained
suit with magnets on your shoes.
And you walk up to-- it
still has the same things.
You still have a table.
You still have
all the computers.
You still have all
your instruments.
You still have everything,
but you're underwater.
>>GEORGE: But you had to
work on them underwater?
>>SMITH: You had
to work on them.
>>GEORGE: Had to do that?
>>SMITH: You had to work on them
underwater, take the samples,
and collect them the
same way you would.
You just did
everything underwater.
>>GEORGE: It's amazing what's
going on, on this planet.
And not a lot of
people know about it.
>>SMITH: Yeah, it's unreal.
>>GEORGE: How
expensive is all this?
>>SMITH: They couldn't
even put a number on it.
I mean, you're creating
new civilizations
on parts of the planet
where we thought it
was inhospitable to even live.
So now, we're making
major breakthroughs
that I hope comes forward
soon to divulge this.
Because we don't always have
to be living on the surface.
There's other places in
the Earth and in the oceans
that we can show
self-sustainability.
>>GEORGE: Without the
ET presence, Emery,
would we be in these
underwater bases?
>>SMITH: I don't believe so.
They always have to have
a reason why they're
going to dump trillions
of dollars into something
to find out something.
>>GEORGE: There is a
submarine base in the middle
of the Nevada desert.
It's called Hawthorne, Nevada.
What the heck is it doing there?
There's no water there.
>>SMITH: I always
laugh when I see it,
because there's no
lakes, really, in Nevada.
>>GEORGE: What's going on there?
>>SMITH: Well,
there is a facility.
That system underground
does go right through there.
I saw the underground
maps for this.
And they can move subs from
one coast to the other coast
very easily.
These are huge
cavernous systems.
I'm sure it's a tight
fit in some places, so--
>>GEORGE: How would you
rate these underground and
underwater bases in
terms of complexity?
>>SMITH: It's a great
undertaking by--
surely.
But you have to understand.
They're not using a
backhoe to do this.
They are using technologies
that the people are not
aware of to create the system--
to create these self-sustainable
cities and modular laboratories
that makes it a
little bit easier.
And I think if you
put in perspective
all the technologies
that are used
to make these things that
people are unaware of,
then it would make
it seem more--
it would be easier for you to
understand how they actually
did it.
>>GEORGE: These unidentified
submerged objects--
what are they doing down
there in the first place?
>>SMITH: They are utilizing
the Earth to get from point A
to point B. So I think it's
just a transition area, to be
honest, is what I believe, that
they're going from this portal
maybe to another portal.
Yeah, I just think
they're just down there.
And this is an area that's
a very big hot spot.
And I don't think there's
any other intention
other than that they're
utilizing it for.
There seems to be something
embedded into the rock
there that might be a base that
they're trying to figure out.
That's extraterrestrial.
So I think this is just a hub.
I think it's just a
hub like we have hubs
with our airports
and things like that,
that this is such a hot zone.
>>GEORGE: Where are these
underwater bases, Emery?
Are they everywhere
on the planet or just
with the United States?
Where are they?
>>SMITH: Well, I don't
know the exact location
of all the bases.
I just know there's
underground facilities
in all the oceans of the planet
that we as man has put there.
There's a question about
the underground traveling
system for this.
And there are-- under
the United States,
there's huge caverns that these
submarines can travel through
and it's all full of water.
>>GEORGE: But you think
they're everywhere?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I believe
the whole Earth--
you can get all over,
through these caverns.
Absolutely.
>>GEORGE: Who are these
underwater bases for?
To monitor ET activity?
For humankind?
For these aqua beings?
What are they for?
>>SMITH: Well, I think they're
there to monitor all the above.
I mean, anytime they
find something new,
they want to infiltrate it,
study it, learn what it knows,
learn why these energy
systems are here
or these portals are here.
So I think it's all the above.
But they're
watching, monitoring,
surveilling this hot spot.
>>GEORGE: These
submerged vehicles--
where are they coming from?
Are they ours?
>>SMITH: Well, the ones that
are coming into the portals
are extraterrestrials.
We do have our own submersible,
anti-gravitic craft,
just like we have
reverse engineered
a lot of these things for
flying around the atmosphere.
So we have the same thing.
These craft can go atmospheric.
They can go underwater.
They could do anything.
So we have our own as well.
>>GEORGE: You've seen
some of these tanks
where medical practitioners
put their hand in gloves,
and then they operate
inside the tank.
But they're physically
on the outside.
You're inside.
How come?
>>SMITH: The being cannot
really leave that area.
And that one operating
room aquarium
is made up of many other rooms
for the testing of the tissues.
So they have a whole laboratory.
It's all underwater.
So everything stays with
the being underwater.
And it's just kept side by
side, including yourself.
That's right.
>>GEORGE: These
underwater bases--
are they extraterrestrial made?
>>SMITH: Well, we
made our own bases,
as I discussed in
the past, that we
have in these hot spot areas.
And there are
extraterrestrial bases nearby
that are built into the
rock there that they're
investigating right now.
>>GEORGE: Who built them?
>>SMITH: The
extraterrestrials did.
>>GEORGE: Emery, thanks for
being on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>SMITH: Thank you, George.
>>GEORGE: And thank you for
watching "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>> Well, we've been spliced
over millennia with many,
many different genomes
from other races.
>> He split open like a clam
and out of him came four drones.
>> These ETs are
very compassionate.
Some have volunteered
to be here.
Some have crashed here.
Some have been shot down here.
[THEME MUSIC]